doc/authoring_tests.md, before:

# Authoring Tests

## Authoring Unit Tests

1. install pytest

1. run all the tests:

    ```bash
    cd azure-devops
    pytest
    ```

1. run an individual test:

    ```bash
    cd azure-devops/azext_devops
    pytest test/artifacts/test_universal.py
    ```

## Authoring Live Tests

1. install `azure-cli-testsdk` and `azure-devtools`:

    ```bash
    pip install --user 'git+https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli@master#egg=azure-cli-testsdk&subdirectory=src/azure-cli-testsdk' -q
    pip install --user azure-devtools
    ```

## Clear cache while recording a new test

Make sure your machine python SDK cache is clear. It is located at `%userprofile%\.azure-devops\python-sdk\cache\`
While running the test localy for first time make sure that the cassest (in the recording folder) gets the resource call as well

## Configure PAT for running live tests

Recommended way is to use PAT from environment variable (AZURE_DEVOPS_EXT_PAT) when running a live test, so your PAT in the test file does not accidently get exposed to public in a PR.

If you edit the PAT in helper.py to run live test, before commiting the code make sure to undo the PAT token change.

## Organization to configure for tests

Contributors can record the tests against their personal organization. The tests should be written in such a way that it can run live independently on another organization. i.e No dependendency on existing project, repository, pipeline definition in the organization.

Each test will have the following-

```python
DEVOPS_CLI_TEST_ORGANIZATION = get_test_org_from_env_variable() or 'Https://dev.azure.com/<Test organization name which developer has access to>'
```

The test recording should succeed with the hardcoded organization name.

## Known issues

### Response too large issue

In case you run into error where the size of response is too large to be recorded
you can use this decorator on top of the test case
@AllowLargeResponse(size_kb=3072)

### Cannot run existing tests in live mode

Not all tests are currently written to be run live against non test organization [(https://dev.azure.com/azuredevopsclitest)](https://dev.azure.com/azuredevopsclitest). Tracking [Issue](https://github.com/Microsoft/azure-devops-cli-extension/issues/395).

Commit message:

test_pipeline_create_and_variables_test Fix (#1184)
* test_devops_group_and_member_tests

* sleep_in_live_run to 60

* Update test_devopsSecurityGroupTest.py

* 1175 changes

* Cassete updated

* Pipeline fix

* Authering test steps updated

Co-authored-by: Roshan-sy <roshan-sy@github.com>

doc/authoring_tests.md, after:

# Authoring Tests

## Authoring Unit Tests

1. install pytest

1. run all the tests:

    ```bash
    cd azure-devops
    pytest
    ```

1. run an individual test:

    ```bash
    cd azure-devops/azext_devops
    pytest test/artifacts/test_universal.py
    ```

## Authoring Live Tests

1. install `azure-cli-testsdk` and `azure-devtools`:

    ```bash
    pip install --user 'git+https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli@master#egg=azure-cli-testsdk&subdirectory=src/azure-cli-testsdk' -q
    pip install --user azure-devtools
    ```

## Clear cache while recording a new test

Make sure your machine python SDK cache is clear. It is located at `%userprofile%\.azure-devops\python-sdk\cache\`
While running the test localy for first time make sure that the cassest (in the recording folder) gets the resource call as well

## Logout from az cli

Do `az logout` so that PAT token can be used.
If you don't logout, system will not take PAT for Authentication, which will result into test fail in PR pipeline.

## Configure PAT for running live tests

Recommended way is to use PAT from environment variable (AZURE_DEVOPS_EXT_PAT) when running a live test, so your PAT in the test file does not accidently get exposed to public in a PR.

If you edit the PAT in helper.py to run live test, before commiting the code make sure to undo the PAT token change.

## Organization to configure for tests

Contributors can record the tests against their personal organization. The tests should be written in such a way that it can run live independently on another organization. i.e No dependendency on existing project, repository, pipeline definition in the organization.

Each test will have the following-

```python
DEVOPS_CLI_TEST_ORGANIZATION = get_test_org_from_env_variable() or 'Https://dev.azure.com/<Test organization name which developer has access to>'
```

The test recording should succeed with the hardcoded organization name.

## Known issues

### Response too large issue

In case you run into error where the size of response is too large to be recorded
you can use this decorator on top of the test case
@AllowLargeResponse(size_kb=3072)

### Cannot run existing tests in live mode

Not all tests are currently written to be run live against non test organization [(https://dev.azure.com/azuredevopsclitest)](https://dev.azure.com/azuredevopsclitest). Tracking [Issue](https://github.com/Microsoft/azure-devops-cli-extension/issues/395).
