doc/dev_setup.md, before:

# Development setup

## Install pre-reqs

1. Install Python 2.7 or 3.5 or later from python.org, apt-get, or some other installer.

2. Install Virtual Python Environment (virtualenv):
   ```bash
   pip install virtualenv
   ```

## Get the source

1. Clone the Azure Devops CLI extension repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/vsts-cli
   ```

2. Optionally, clone the VSTS Python SDK repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/azure-devops-python-api
   ```

## Create a virtual environment

1. From the `AzureDevOpsCli` directory, create a new virtual environment:
   ```bash
   virtualenv env
   ```

2. Activate the new virtual environment:
   On Linux:
   ```bash
   source env/Scripts/activate
   ```
   On Windows:
   ```bash
   env\Scripts\activate.bat
   ```

3. Run the `dev_setup.py` script to install the Azure Devops CLI packages and other dependencies into your virtual environment:
   ```
   python scripts/dev_setup.py
   ```

## Developing

Run `az extension list` and `az devops -h` to verify your environment is setup properly. 

1. Set the `AZURE_EXTENSION_DIR` environment variable to a directory that will hold the extension(s) being developed:
    ```
    export AZURE_EXTENSION_DIR=~/.azure/devcliextensions
    ```
    The CLI will now look in this directory for extensions.

2. Install your extension into the extensions directory:
    ```
    pip install --upgrade --target ~/.azure/devcliextensions/azure-devops-extension ~/Dev/azure-devops-extension
    ```
    - `~/.azure/devcliextensions/azure-devops-extension` is the directory `pip` will install the extension to.
    - `~/Dev/azure-devops-extension` is the directory with the source code of your extension.

3. Continue to develop your extension:
    Any time you make changes to your extension and want to see them reflected in the CLI, run the command from step 2 again.

    
4. Run `az devops -h` again to verify if extension is installed properly.

5. Run `tests\runTests.ps1` to run recorded tests.

Commit message:

[WIP ]Updating dev setup script (#327)
Updating dev setup script

doc/dev_setup.md, after:

# Development setup

## Install pre-reqs

1. Install Python 2.7 or 3.5 or later from python.org, apt-get, or some other installer.

2. Install Virtual Python Environment (virtualenv):
   ```bash
   pip install virtualenv
   ```

## Get the source

1. Clone the Azure Devops CLI extension repository. 
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/vsts-cli
   ```
   
2. Checkout `azuredevopscli-dev` branch.
   ```bash
   git checkout azuredevopscli-dev
   ```

3. Optionally, clone the VSTS Python SDK repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/azure-devops-python-api
   ```

## Create a virtual environment

1. From the `vsts-cli` directory, create a new virtual environment:
   ```bash
   virtualenv env
   ```

2. Activate the new virtual environment:
   On Linux:
   ```bash
   source env/bin/activate
   ```
   On Windows:
   ```bash
   env\Scripts\activate.bat
   ```

3. Run the `dev_setup.py` script to install the Azure Devops CLI packages and other dependencies into your virtual environment:
   ```
   python scripts/dev_setup.py
   ```

## Developing

Run `az extension list` and `az devops -h` to verify your environment is setup properly. 

1. Follow instructions to install powershell from [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-core-on-linux?view=powershell-6)

2. dev_setup.py script has already set your `AZURE_EXTENSION_DIR` environment variable to `.azure\devcliextensions` directory that will hold the extensions being developed

On Windows:
    Run below command any time you make changes to your extension and want to see them reflected in the CLI.
    ```
    pip install --upgrade --target %AZURE_EXTENSION_DIR%\azure-devops azure-devops\
    ```
    - `%AZURE_EXTENSION_DIR%\azure-devops` is the directory `pip` will install the extension to.
    - `Dev\vsts-cli\azure-devops` is the directory with the source code of your extension.

On Linux:
    ```
    pip install --upgrade --target $AZURE_EXTENSION_DIR/azure-devops azure-devops/
    ```

3. Run `az devops -h` again to verify if extension is installed properly.

4. Run `tests\runTests.ps1` to run recorded tests.
